chore: add audit log action definitions (#696)
cdr/docs: admin/audit.md

- **Resource Target**: The friendly name for the resource (e.g., the user with
  the email address **dev@coder.com**)
- **User**: The user who performs the action

## Actions

The audit logs capture information about the following actions (those who
[export Coder logs](../guides/admin/logging.md) will see this information under
`message.fields.audit_log.action`):

When reviewing Coder's audit logs, specifically, you will see the following
actions included:

> - `auto_off`: Coder automatically turned on a workspace was at the preset time

Reviewer: The wording here needs revision - I'm not sure what the intention was, but `turned on a worksapce was at the preset time` is a bit off

> - `auto_start`: Coder automatically turned off a workspace due to inactivity

Reviewer 2: I think this line should be swapped with line 36. `auto-start` & `auto-off` have the other's definition.

- `connect`: a user connected to an existing workspace
- `cordon`: a workspace provider became unavailable for new workspace creation
  requests.
- `create`: the user created a Coder entity (e.g., dev URL, image/image tag,
  workspace, etc.)
- `delete`: a user deleted a Coder entity (e.g., workspace or image)
- `enqueue`: a user added a new job to the queue (e.g., workspace build, user
  deletion, workspace deletion)
- `login`: a user logs in via basic authentication or OIDC, with Coder
  exchanging a token as a result
- `open`: a user opened a workspace using an IDE through the browser

> - `ssh`: a user opened a web terminal or used SSH via `envproxy`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `ssh`: a user opened a web terminal or used SSH to access Coder
```

The implementation doesn't matter as a detail here, and `envproxy` was removed in our newer networking model
